Only those who are close to you can become your own vampire
That's not funny
This is my house.
You won't let me stay for a few days.
He also kept saying that he was my relative
Don't you feel blushing?
Blush why blush
It's right that my parents and I live with you
What do you have to complain about?
Since you don't treat me as your family
Don't blame me for being rude.
Dad?
Dad, I'm your son
You should be raised
But I'm not obligated to support my sister
What do you mean?
Get out of my house now
Don't come back to live
Lin Zicong, you are a beast
You actually want to kick your own sister out of the house
The deer is your sister
Aren't you afraid of being struck by lightning by doing this?
It should have been him who was struck by lightning
Have you ever worked a day since you were an adult?
Know the old man all day long
You married someone, your father didn't leave, and you came back with your wife and children to eat together
You are such a good daughter.
What happened to my parents?
What does it have to do with you?
Mom and Dad are happy
Just didn't put it
The deer is our daughter.
I have no right
Call me Liu Tao when you call me
When you call me sister, you become a deer
Sure enough, there is only this daughter in your eyes
I don't have a son at all. I've been picking up junk to support myself since I was 10 years old
Until now
I thought I could ask you guys to come to town
I didn't expect you to follow me all the way here
What are you trying to say?
Since you like this girl so much
Just move out with him